Add data-model.md to explian objectes in API (#198)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/concept/data-model.md

# Data Model

This chapter introduces BanyanDB's data models and covers the following:

* the high-level data organization
* data model
* data retrieval

You can also find [examples](../crud/) of how to interact with BanyanDB using [bydbctl](../clients.md#command-line), how to create and drop groups, or how to create, read, update and drop streams/measures.

## Structure of BanyanDB

The hierarchy that data is organized into **streams**, **measures** and **properties** in groups.

> ![Structure of BanyanDB](https://skywalking.apache.org/doc-graph/banyandb/v0.2.0/structure.png)

Reviewer: This is how we refer static files hosted on the website.

functions to them.

`Measure` supports the following fields types:

* **STRING** : Text
* **INT** : 64 bits long integer
* **DATA_BINARY** : Raw binary

`Measure` supports the following encoding methods:

* **GORILLA** : GORILLA encoding is lossless. It is more suitable for a numerical sequence with similar values and is not recommended for sequence data with large fluctuations.

`Measure` supports the types of the following fields:

* **ZSTD** : Zstandard is a real-time compression algorithm, that provides high compression ratios. It offers a very wide range of compression/speed trade-offs, while being backed by a very fast decoder. For BanyanDB focus on speed.

Another option named `interval` plays a critical role in encoding. It indicates the time range between two adjacent data points in a time series and implies that all data points belonging to the same time series are distributed based on a fixed interval. A better practice for the naming measure is to append the interval literal to the tail, for example, `service_cpm_minute`. It's a parameter of `GORILLA` encoding method.

[Measure Registration Operations](../api-reference.md#measureregistryservice)

> #### TopNAggregation

Author: @lujiajing1126 Would you please check this section?

BanyanDB introduces the `TopNAggregation`, aiming to pre-calculate the top/bottom entities during the measure writing phase. In the query phase, BanyanDB can quickly retrieve the top/bottom records. The performance would be much better than `top()` function which is based on the query phase aggregation procedure.

> Caveat: `TopNAggregation` is an approximate realization, to use it well you need have a good understanding with the algorithm as well as the data distribution.

```yaml
---
metadata:
  name: endpoint_cpm_minute_top_bottom
  group: sw_metric
source_measure:
  name: endpoint_cpm_minute
  group: sw_metric
field_name: value
field_value_sort: SORT_UNSPECIFIED
group_by_tag_names:
- entity_id
counters_number: 10000
lru_size: 10
```

`endpoint_cpm_minute_top_bottom` is watching the data ingesting of `endpoint_cpm_minute` to generate top 1000 and bottom 1000 entity cardinalities respectively. If you want to only calculate Top 1000 or Bottom 1000, the `field_value_sort` could be `DESC` or `ASC`.

* SORT_DESC: Top-N. In a series of `1,2,3...1000`. Top10's result is `1000,999...991`.
* SORT_ASC: Bottom-N. In a series of `1,2,3...1000`. Bottom10's result is `1,2...10`.

> Tags in `group_by_tag_names` need to be as dimensions. The query phase could retrieve these tags. Tags no in `group_by_tag_names` could be dropped in the calculating phase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tags in `group_by_tag_names` are used as dimensions. These tags can be searched (only equality is supported) in the query phase. Tags do not exist in `group_by_tag_names` will be dropped in the pre-calculating phase.
```

> `counters_number` denotes the number of entity cardinality. As the example shows, calculating the Top 100 among 10 thousand is easier than among 10 million.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`counters_number` denotes the number of entity cardinality. As the above example shows, calculating the Top 100 among 10 thousands is easier than among 10 millions.
```
